# Online Course Portal
### Description
This project aims at creating a Courses portal for a campus/organization. This allows registered users of the system to join a course available in the site and access the materials published for the course. People can register themselves as students of a course or Faculty for a course. When a person registers himself as a Faculty, an approval mechanism is triggered which sends an email to the Administrator for approving the person as a Faculty. There will be an admin approval page where admin can approve the faculty members for the course. The course home page contain the title of the course and a brief description. There will be a discussion board for each course where students can interact, an announcement section, which contains the latest announcements, and a course content section which gives the links for the material available for the course. For faculty members there will be an extra link for uploading the course content in a zip file format. The course content will be HTML pages, which should be uploaded in the zip file format. There should be a mechanism for the faculty members to create a test for the course specifying the test title and a set of multiple-choice questions and duration of time of the test. The main purpose of this project is to help students who need more knowledge on a specific topic, and to those who need help in studying.

##### Project Demo: https://asd-project.000webhostapp.com
##### Source Code: https://github.com/mesujithks/asd-project
